# VARSHITH REDDY REGATTE

```
+1(347) 265-3734 * Harrison, NJ * E-Mail * LinkedIn * GitHub
```
### OBJECTIVE

Seeking data roles leveraging 2+ years of Python, AWS, Kubernetes, Linux, and DevOps experience, combined with
upcoming Masters in Data Science. Motivated to tackle complex data challenges and deliver innovative solutions.

### EDUCATION

#### Master of Data Science, New Jersey Institute of Technology               ** Expected May 2023 **
Relevant Coursework: Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Web Systems Design, Cloud Computing,
Big Data, Data Analytics, and Data Mining.

#### Bachelor of Computer Science, Mahindra University Aug 2016 - May 2020

## TECHNICAL SKILLS

|** Programming Languages **| Python, C/C++, Java, R, Bash, SQL
|** DevOps Tools **| AWS (EC2, S3, RDS, CloudFormation, Lambda, VPC), Jenkins, Kubernetes, 
Docker. |
|** Data Science **| ML Algorithms, Regression Models, Neural Networks, Generative Adversarial
Networks[GANs], NLP, Python Libraries (Sci-kit Learn, Tensorflow, Keras,
PyTorch, NLTK, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib), ggplot2, Hadoop, PySpark. |
|**OS**| Windows, MacOS, Linux |

## EXPERIENCE

** Software Developer **                 ** May 2019 - Dec 2021 **
** Wintech Information Service Hyderabad, India ** 

- Designed, deployed, and maintained highly available and scalable applications on AWS cloud using services such
    as EC2, S3, RDS, and Lambda.
- Managed containerized applications using Kubernetes and Docker, ensuring high availability, scalability, and
    fault-tolerance.
- Developed and maintained code in Python and shell scripting to automate deployment, monitoring, and main-
    tenance of cloud-based applications.
- Collaborated with cross-functional teams using Git, JIRA, and Agile methodologies to ensure effective project
    delivery and efficient SDLC.
- Troubleshot and resolved production issues, identified and resolved performance bottlenecks, and optimized
    applications for scalability and cost-effectiveness.
- Managed Linux servers and performed system administration tasks including user management, system moni-
    toring, backup and recovery, and security hardening.
- Documented system designs, configurations, and processes, and maintained a knowledge base of best practices
    and lessons learned.

PROJECTS

MyWebClassEnd-to-end web development project using DevOps tools and Agile methodology to deliver a class
material website for a professor. Responsibilities included collaborating with a cross-functional team to design and
develop the website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Implemented continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD)
pipeline using Jenkins, Git, and Docker to automate build and deployment processes. Used Kubernetes for container
orchestration and monitoring of the web application. Employed Agile methodology to ensure timely delivery of the
project and worked closely with the professor to gather feedback and refine the website features. Successfully launched
the website, providing an accessible and user-friendly platform for the professor to deliver class material to students.


Voice Assistant For ElderlyDesigned and developed a voice assistant system for the elderly, utilizing computer
vision and natural language processing (NLP) to help people locate household items. Responsibilities included
collaborating with a cross-functional team to develop a user-friendly interface for the voice assistant, designing and
implementing the computer vision system using OpenCV for object detection and recognition, and integrating NLP
models for voice recognition and processing.

An Integrity Checker for Social Media PostsThe goal of this research project is to detect DeepFakes on social
media networks. We worked on numerous Generative Adversarial Networks (e.g., StyleGAN, StyleGAN2, DCGAN,
etc.) and produced several high-quality realistic images from our own dataset as part of the research. With a 98
percent accuracy, our model was able to recognize synthesized images generated by StyleGAN2. The model was also
trained to recognize deep-fake videos, and it performed well on the test set with a 95 percent accuracy.(GitHub)

Vehicle Maintenance IndexA team project in which we considered various components of cars and assigning a
vehicle maintenance index to each component and also to the car using Machine Learning. This is all then displayed
on a website where user can check the maintenance indexes of different Cars.

World Cup PredictionA simple project where win ratios of different teams in the most recent 200 matches were
used as features to predict what the final standing of each team would be in the World Cup using Logistic Regression.

### EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

- Working as a Head of the Billiards Club at Mahindra University, Hyderabad, India, from Jan 2017 to May 2020
- Served as the Head of Logistics at the AIRO 2020 - Mahindra University Sports Fest, Hyderabad, India, from
    Jan 2019 to Mar 2019.
- Bagged 2nd place in the URS Hackathon for conducting a 12-hour hackathon as a part of a conference held at
    Mahindra University. Predicted car sales price using Machine Learning, held by our college in a fest.
- Stood 1st in Business Idea Presentation for presenting a business solution to a problem in Gaming Industry,
    held by our college in a fest.

### CERTIFICATION

- Become a Machine Learning Specialist by LinkedIn.
- Python For Data Science by IBM.
